\begin{abstract}

Under perfect measurement the viability kernel --- the set of states
from which some feedback keeps the system within its constraints --- is
characterized by tangency conditions. Under incomplete observation the
sufficiency direction has a canonical answer in Veliov's
output-feedback regulation condition and the estimation-tube reduction.
The complementary direction --- certifying that no observation-based
policy is viable --- has received less systematic treatment.

This paper develops that instrument: a calculus of obstruction
certificates, sound sufficient conditions for nonviability (equivalently, necessary conditions for viability), finitely
checkable in the common-action, fibre-certification, and finite-horizon forms and analytic drift-and-timing conditions elsewhere. They do not exhaust the complement of the epistemic kernel, the kernel's observation-based counterpart; in finite systems backward recursion is complete. Five mechanisms are established --- two finitely checkable, two
closed-form conditional, one minimal --- with a sixth under a
policy-class restriction. The central common-action obstruction shows
that when the safe controls of compatible states intersect emptily, no
observation-based policy is viable, though every compatible state is
individually viable under full information. The others are a finite-time
exit certificate under an Isaacs-type drift condition, an
epistemic-emptiness construction in which a constant observation merges
states with incompatible admissible controls, a delayed-information
obstruction with an explicit timing bound, and a certification limit:
an exact observation-only certifier exists iff safe-set
membership is constant on the observation fibres. The sixth, a
certainty-equivalence trap, empties the kernel of the uncorrected controller under a biased
observation even when the perfect-information kernel is nonempty.
Two certification-theoretic completions are established: over polytope-declared
blind-window classes the timing certificate is exactly computable as a linear
program, with the Farkas dual as the obstruction witness, sound beyond the
declaration with an unbounded implementable-class gap; and the residual dynamic
gap is shown to decompose exactly, its post-observation recourse phase
undecidable by any certificate pair that reads only the window sub-model.

The calculus is positioned against barrier certificates and estimation
tubes, and its monitoring and institutional consequences ---
observation timing, coarseness, aggregation, and bias --- are drawn.

\end{abstract}